README.md, before:

 [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) [![Curseforge](http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/384963.svg)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-signs-and-frames) ![For MC 1.17 | 1.16 | 1.15](http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/versions/For%20MC_384963_all.svg)

# Better Signs & Frames
This mod is only for Fabric Servers(or Single-Player) and requires [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api)

### Features
 - **Sign Editor:** Edit placed signs by shift(sneak) + right-click with an empty hand
 - **Sign & Item Frame Passthrough:** Access chests, shulker boxes, barrels, etc behind signs by right-clicking the sign.
 - **Signs Retain** - Breaking a sign will retain that sign's text, color and glowing. Put the sign in a crafting window to reset it. 
    - Note: Seeing the saved text in your inventory requires client-side installation
 - Interact with Item Frames by shift(sneak) + right-click
 - Stops Sign editor from opening when placing new signs

### Shout-outs
 - Original Sign Retain functionality merged from [umollu's Sign Retain ](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sign-retain)
 - Special thanks to Girafi for the idea for Passthrough Signs. Find their original mod for Forge [here](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/passthrough-signs)

### Other Contributors
- Fourmisain
- slemal

Commit message:

Update to 1.17.1. Use the standard BlockEntityTag for sign retain, adds compatibility with Inspecio

README.md, after:

 [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) [![Curseforge](http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/384963.svg)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-signs-and-frames) ![For MC 1.17 | 1.16 | 1.15](http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/versions/For%20MC_384963_all.svg)

# Better Signs & Frames
This mod is only for Fabric Servers(or Single-Player) and requires [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api)

### Features
 - **Sign Editor:** Edit placed signs by shift(sneak) + right-click with an empty hand
 - **Sign & Item Frame Passthrough:** Access chests, shulker boxes, barrels, etc behind signs by right-clicking the sign.
 - **Signs Retain** - Breaking a sign will retain that sign's text, color and glowing. Put the sign in a crafting window to reset it. 
    - Note: Seeing the saved text in your inventory requires installing either this mod or [Inspecio](https://modrinth.com/mod/inspecio) on the client.
 - Interact with Item Frames by shift(sneak) + right-click
 - Stops Sign editor from opening when placing new signs

### Shout-outs
 - Original Sign Retain functionality merged from [umollu's Sign Retain](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sign-retain)
 - Special thanks to Girafi for the idea for Passthrough Signs. Find their original mod for Forge [here](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/passthrough-signs)

### Other Contributors
- Fourmisain
- slemal
